on the other side obesity
it's a big problem big like fat two out
of five New Zealanders I'm overweight
know whether it's your genetics or more
to do with the fact that you eat three
lunches a day it's a serious problem
today I conduct a social experiment
while stepping feel fat persons giant
overweight shoes and i'll put on the
spacesuit and see whether i get treated
differently now I'll be the first to
admit I'm not the most popular guy
around c4 as it is so i can only imagine
how it's gonna be when I turn up as a
fit guy
feel he got no that's good
just the right for you in it thanks chef
step ahead I haven't had a haircut no
maybe haven't good shirt guy it's weird
fuck just even even really talked to me
before oh come on don't be like don't be
like that
boy this way oh sorry man it is Friday
oh of course Afghan Friday yeah yeah
come on you get the last second it's
good son probably flight to menial turn
into one what let's get ya school oh
you're not at Kenya na na na come chili
yeah yeah yeah
something was going on fells terrorist
basket gift was just the beginning
people started listening to my stories
and asking me to throw friends up in the
air and bounce them on the ground I had
become awesome and hot girls looked at
me they'll even touched me we tussled
high five even held hands everyone loved
me funny story isn't Cory we're going to
that big movie premiere this evening and
their ticket for the exclusive VIP party
afterwards you Luke you can you come oh
yeah I'm there yeah cool yeah I worth
going after work whistle blows d
official no choice man
well as luv 2 hours here should shed
good shop um the premios council I just
want to excellent you serious defconn
friday may let's have the pubs or
something whatever silly boy
mm-hmm